README.md, before:

## Quickstart

1. Install the dependencies with `npm install`
2. Run the application with `npm run dev`

## File Structure 🗂️

- Components contains all generic components that are shared across pages. They should be generic and reusable, and testable in isolation.

- Pages contains our different application views. Generally any requests should be activated here so that any children components don't have to, e.g. If we have a 'User Details' view, we should dispatch our network requests for user information from here.

- Styles consists global style files that should be made available across our application.

## Testing ⚗️

- This project utilizes Vitest with React Testing Library (RTL).

- All component folders will have an associated test file within the same folder. Each component is tested independently (unit testing) to ensure they work in isolation and aren't affected by external factors(such as other components).

- Any test that would use the 'render' function from RTL, use the 'customRender' function from testUtils.js. This adds routing by default so we can easily test components that include route/link logic.
  - A example can be seen in `src/pages/Home`

## Code Quality 🌟

- This project uses prettier and ESlint to increase code readability and consistency.

### Navigation Menu

- The Nav menu is imported as the Mui Component Bottom Navigation
- This contains 4 BottomNavigationAction components, that each contain Icon Components.
- All of these components are imported from the Mui Component Library and can be style by the selectors stipulated in the Navigation.scss file.
- Currently they prove the Link for the react-router-dom dependency, that will be used to route to different pages within the App.

### Profile Page

- The Profile page contains the information regarding a players profile displaying it on the prfolie screen.

  - Image
  - Score
  - Name
  - Bio
  - Email
  - Password

- The player's password is starred out.
- The buttons allow the user to edit their profile data and sign out.

### Leaderboard Page
- The Leaderboard page contains each users score, ranking them in order from high to low.
- It allows for users to see how many points other users have.
- The user can also navigate to the leaderboard page.

### Home Page

- A welcome page that uses the Navigation, Header and Button components.
- The page displays a welcome message to the user and allows them to navigate to other parts of the app.

Commit message:

Feature displaying completed tasks (#21)
* created Calendar page and added UI calendar

* updated font styling for headings

* filtering and displaying the completed tasks

* Added tests for the filtering function

* styled the calender and added more data and added header and nav

* added more tests

* amended the readme.md file

* moved filter function to separate file. Updated import statement in test file

* amended import statement

* added the new mock data

* fixed the testData

* (feat): Removed font import warning

* (feat): Gave Calendar props, removed file import and added another test.

---------

Co-authored-by: Divya-Manivannan1 <reethudya@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Divya manivannan <157143097+Divya-Manivannan1@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: charlie-robin <charlie.robin.richardson@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

## Quickstart

1. Install the dependencies with `npm install`
2. Run the application with `npm run dev`

## File Structure 🗂️

- Components contains all generic components that are shared across pages. They should be generic and reusable, and testable in isolation.

- Pages contains our different application views. Generally any requests should be activated here so that any children components don't have to, e.g. If we have a 'User Details' view, we should dispatch our network requests for user information from here.

- Styles consists global style files that should be made available across our application.

## Testing ⚗️

- This project utilizes Vitest with React Testing Library (RTL).

- All component folders will have an associated test file within the same folder. Each component is tested independently (unit testing) to ensure they work in isolation and aren't affected by external factors(such as other components).

- Any test that would use the 'render' function from RTL, use the 'customRender' function from testUtils.js. This adds routing by default so we can easily test components that include route/link logic.
  - A example can be seen in `src/pages/Home`

## Code Quality 🌟

- This project uses prettier and ESlint to increase code readability and consistency.

### Navigation Menu

- The Nav menu is imported as the Mui Component Bottom Navigation
- This contains 4 BottomNavigationAction components, that each contain Icon Components.
- All of these components are imported from the Mui Component Library and can be style by the selectors stipulated in the Navigation.scss file.
- Currently they prove the Link for the react-router-dom dependency, that will be used to route to different pages within the App.

### Calendar Page

- The calender page displays a calender and the completed tasks for the current date.
- By clicking on a previous date, the completed tasks for that date can be viewed.
- A different month can be viewed by clicking on the arrow buttons on either side of the month name.
- All the fututre dates and months in the calender are disabled.
- By clicking on the down arrow in the task, additional information about the task will be displayed.
- The page has the Header at the top and the Navigation Menu at the bottom.

### Profile Page

- The Profile page contains the information regarding a players profile displaying it on the prfolie screen.

  - Image
  - Score
  - Name
  - Bio
  - Email
  - Password

- The player's password is starred out.
- The buttons allow the user to edit their profile data and sign out.

### Leaderboard Page
- The Leaderboard page contains each users score, ranking them in order from high to low.
- It allows for users to see how many points other users have.
- The user can also navigate to the leaderboard page.

### Home Page

- A welcome page that uses the Navigation, Header and Button components.
- The page displays a welcome message to the user and allows them to navigate to other parts of the app.
